1.Oops stands for?
  
  object oriented programminng language.
there are four types are there
*abstraction
*inheritance
*encapsulation
*polymorphism

2.what is polymorphism?

   in java, we can perform a single action in multiple ways are called polymorphism
    
there are two types are there:
  *method overloading
  *method overriding

*Method Overloading:
      .it has same class name same method name but different arguments are passed are called method overloading
      .it is a compile time polymorphism
      .it is a static polymorphism
*Method overriding:
      .it has different class name, same method name from a existing class are called method overriding
      .it is a run time polymorphism
      .it is a dynamic polymorphism

3.what is interface and example in selenium,java?
    
      interface is used to achhieve abstarctions. using interface we can't create  object and instantiate variable.
we can only use public access modifier or default. and it have unimpleted methods only.
(eg.)
     WebDriver is an interface in selenium
     WebDriver driver = new WebDriver();

4.what is abstract class and example?
    
      abstract class is a restricted class that cannot create a object. to access the abstract class it must be inherited from other class.
(eg.)
     public abstract class student{
           public void name{
                  system.out.println("balaji")
            }
             public  abstract void department();
}

5.Difference between multiple inheritance and multilevel inheritance?
 
    *Multiple Inheritance:
           one class inherit more than one interface or class in a same class are called multiple inheritance

    *Multilevel Inheritance:
          .one base class is inherit from derived class. the derived class is a base class to inherit some other class is called multilevel inheritance
          .it can be used in a class level inheritance

6.Is multiple inheritance possible in java?
   
     multiple inheritance are not allowed in java because of ambiguity or conflict
     multiple inheritance is only allowed in interface level.

7.What is the keyword for using inheritance  ?

      extends is the keyword . using extends keyword we can inherit the properities of the class
          
8.what is the keyword to connect interface and class?

      impliments is the keyword, to access the interface it must be implements the class with the implements menthod
the  body of the interface method  is provided by the implement class.

9.what is difference between class and interface?
   class:
         *class can be instantiated
         *class can create object
         *class cannot support multiple inheritance

   interface:
             *interface cannot be instantiated
             *interface cannot create object
             *interface can support multiple inheritance

10.what is difference between class and abstract class?

abstract:
        abstract can access both implemented and unimplemented methods
class:
     class can implement methods only

 